gh-133164: Add `PyUnstable_Object_IsUniqueReferencedTemporary` C API (#133170)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/object.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_Object_IsUniqueTemporary(PyObject *obj)

   Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object on the top most frame of the
   interpreter stack. Returns ``1`` if *obj* is a unique temporary object,
   and ``0`` otherwise.  This check is conservative, and may return ``0``
   in some cases even if *obj* is a unique temporary object.

   If an object is a unique temporary, it is guaranteed that the reference
   count is ``1`` and it may be safe to modify the object in-place becuase

>    it is not visible to any other code.

Reviewer: We should also document if this can fail.

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_Object_IsUniqueTemporary(PyObject *obj)

>    Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object on the top most frame of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object on the topmost frame of the
```

   interpreter stack. Returns ``1`` if *obj* is a unique temporary object,
   and ``0`` otherwise.  This function cannot fail, but the check is
   conservative, and may return ``0`` in some cases even if *obj* is a unique
   temporary object.

   If an object is a unique temporary, it is guaranteed that the reference

>    count is ``1`` and it may be safe to modify the object in-place becuase

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   count is ``1`` and it may be safe to modify the object in-place because
```

>    count is ``1`` and it may be safe to modify the object in-place becuase

Reviewer 3: I think "may be safe" doesn't quite convey what we want here. We don't want people to be in doubt about whether it's safe from the interpreter's point of view. Maybe something along the lines of "it is guaranteed that the current code owns the only reference to the object"?

It's probably also worth mentioning _why_ a refcount of 1 isn't enough to guarantee it's a unique temporary, something about the interpreter borrowing references internally, similar to the whatsnew entry.

   it is not visible to any other code.

   In the example below, ``my_func`` is called with a unique temporary object
   as its argument::

      my_func([1, 2, 3])

   In the example below, ``my_func`` is **not** called with a unique temporary

>    object as its argument::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   object as its argument, even if its refcount is ``1``::
```

Reviewer: There should be double backticks there to make Sphinx happy

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_Object_IsUniqueReferencedTemporary(PyObject *obj)

>    Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object.
```

>    Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object on the topmost frame of the

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   Check if *obj* is a unique temporary object
```

>    interpreter stack. Returns ``1`` if *obj* is a unique temporary object,

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   Returns ``1`` if *obj* is known to be a unique temporary object,
```

   and ``0`` otherwise.  This function cannot fail, but the check is
   conservative, and may return ``0`` in some cases even if *obj* is a unique
   temporary object.

   If an object is a unique temporary, it is guaranteed that the current code
   has the only reference to the object. For arguments to C functions, this
   should be used instead of checking if the reference count is ``1``. Starting
   with Python 3.14, the interpreter internally avoids some reference count
   modifications when loading objects onto the operands stack by
   :term:`borrowing <borrowed reference>` references when possible, which means
   that a reference count of ``1`` by itself does not guarantee that a function
   argument uniquely referenced.

   In the example below, ``my_func`` is called with a unique temporary object
   as its argument::

      my_func([1, 2, 3])

   In the example below, ``my_func`` is **not** called with a unique temporary
   object as its argument, even if its refcount is ``1``::

      my_list = [1, 2, 3]
      my_func(my_list)

> 

Reviewer 4: Can you add a link from Py_REFCNT to this function ("See also ... function")?

Py_REFCNT: https://docs.python.org/dev/c-api/refcounting.html#c.Py_REFCNT

Reviewer 4: I suggest to add a link to PyUnstable_Object_IsUniqueReferencedTemporary() in Py_REFCNT() documentation.

Author: I added the link. I expect we'll rework the `Py_REFCNT` documentation to give better advice after we also add `PyUnstable_IsUniquelyReferenced`.
